Add support for custom colums to tasks (#10)
fivetran/dbt_asana: README.md

    +schema: my_new_schema_name # leave blank for just the target_schema
```

> This package allows users to include addtiional columns to the task table.  You must include any additional columns in both the `asana` and `asana_source` pass-through variables to ensure the downstream columns are present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package allows users to include additional columns to the source task table.  To do this, include any additional columns to the `asana_source` pass-through variables to ensure the downstream columns are present.
```

Reviewer: Looks like we don't need any new variables in the transformation package, as the `asana__task` model selects all columns from the staging source model.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yml
```

Reviewer: formatting addition

# dbt_project.yml

...
vars:

>   asana:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     task_enhanced_pass_through_columns: [custom_status, custom_department]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
